Bai family master
This is your Bai family's own business
Go to hell
Come here.
Yes, I am.
No one can make you do something you don't want to do
Grandpa, I can't marry Xu Shengliang
You can do such a dirty thing
Have you considered Qian Si's feelings?
It really makes me too official
It turns out that this is the famous Bai family
But that's it.
Brother Jiu, let's go
Yes
Ah you stop
Grandpa
Sorry.
Hey, what is this?
Bai Chongan, your Bai family has great courage
You can only mate with that counterfeit
To tell you the truth
The country lord has learned that someone is impersonating the god lord
You just wait.
Condemn the king
Minister of the Stone Family
Please, Kane, don't blame our Bai family.
We must persuade Qianzi to come back